<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">      

    <link rel="stylesheet" href="resources/css/default.css"></link>        

    <h1 align="center" style="background-color: white; font-size: x-large"><b>Motivation - What's next</b>   </h1>

    <p:panel class="panScroll" style="width: 85%; height: 70%">                   
        <p class="medium">       
            I’m a Senior employee with valuable life- and work experience. It gives the possibility to fluently cooperate with me instantly.
            In addition the successful career on <span class="colorblue">techno-functional area (15+ years)</span> gives IT related extra background to it.<br/>            
            <b class="colorBlueLarge">My ultimate goal now is to become a Java Developer.</b> 
        </p>
        <p class="medium">       
            I’m ready and excited about re-starting on a new domain. 
            I know it will be a different level in salary, but it’s nothing to do with money. 
            It’s about learning and starting something new which I’d like to do. <br/>
            I’m opened for a longer term cooperation with a company who decides to help me with this adventure.                                    
        </p>
        <p class="medium">                   
            Basically I had <span class="colorblue">ERP system analyst / architect</span> kind of roles at some big multionational companies. <br/>
            I acted as a link between the user and IT groups during the past years.
        </p>
        <p class="medium">                                  
            My graduation and people focused personality was a good basic for this kind of role.<br/>
            This was my first "mission" in my life / career. To help the people to understand each other. Users and programmers.<br/>           
        </p>
        <p class="medium">                       
            Now I think I did enough on that area during the many years. I need something new. <span class="colorblue">Refreshing, but still IT </span> <br/>
            I feel a big <span class="colorblue">interest and passion for doing <b>coding and development.</b></span>
        </p> 
        <p class="medium">                       
            There was always an idea in my mind <span class="colorblue">to be a developer, programmer</span> at some time. <br/>                        
            I've spent a lot of hours every day with programming (and of course playing) on my PC when I was a young boy.<br/>
            I <span class="colorblue">enjoy on coding to build-up </span>something new which wasn't existing before and <span class="colorblue">like it.</span> <br/>           
            <b class="colorblue">7+ years of programming education</b> <br/>
            &emsp;&emsp;and <b class="colorblue">15+ years on ORACLE EBS as techno-funct</b> should be a good basic to make it.<br/>
            In addition my <b class="colorblue">full last year </b>was only about this (and I'm continuing). <br/>
            <b class="colorblue">Learning and coding Java SE / EE.</b>

        </p>
        <p class="medium">                       
            I'm more keen on the  <b class="colorblue">backend (or middleware) area of Java Programming. More the model, controller and business logic layer. </b><br/>
            My in depth knowledge on databases and business processes can help a lot there.                   
        </p>

        <p class="medium">                               
            My mission here is to <b class="colorblue">create quality, re-usable solutions</b> by:
            <ol class="medium">
                <li>understanding the <span class="colorblue">real need of real world.</span> </li>
                <li>...<span class="colorblue">model the problem and the solution</span> in general (create a working abstraction model)</li>
                <li>...and finally using <span class="colorblue">clean coding technics</span> to put the <span class="colorblue">solution</span> into digital form</li>                 
            </ol>
        </p>         
        <p class="medium">                       
            I hope my career path and background will help to achieve it. <br/>                       
        </p>

        <p class="medium">
            <table border="1">               
                <b><p align="center" class="xlarge">WHAT</p></b>
                <tbody align="left">
                    <tr><th style="width: 50%">...I can offer</th><th style="width: 50%">...I would ask for</th></tr>
                    <tr>
                        <td>
                            <ol>                                
                                <li><b>15+ years Work as techno-funct</b></li>                               
                                <li>Wide experience&amp;knowledge on IT</li>                               
                                <li>Comfortable on DB structures and data management</li>                                                                                               
                                <li>In-depth business understanding</li>
                                <li>Passion for doing coding</li>                               
                                <li><b>Special and powerful developer skillset combination</b></li>                               
                                It's not common if the dev knows...<br/>
                                &emsp;...the business processes<br/>                                
                                &emsp;...how to talk to business people<br/>
                                &emsp;...can build up real good relationship<br/>
                                &emsp;...understands users need really quickly<br/>
                                &emsp;...can propose even better solutions than what they ask for<br/>
                                &emsp;...and the same time can create <b>Clean and Re-Usable Code</b><br/>


                            </ol>
                        </td>
                        <td>
                            <ol>
                                <li><b>Considering the extras I can add compared to a usual Junior developer</b></li>                          
                                &emsp;...these will <b>raise the quality / value of the output</b> from the beginning                           
                                <li><b>Investing in my learning</b> to be a good, experienced developer</li>             
                                &emsp;...with things like: <br/>
                                &emsp;&emsp;"mentoring" by senior developer<br/>
                                &emsp;&emsp;chance to participate in trainings<br/>
                                &emsp;&emsp;chance to work on real projects / real solutions<br/>
                                &emsp;&emsp;...and of course patience while I speed up.
                            </ol>                            
                        </td>
                    </tr>                   
                </tbody>
            </table>
        </p>
    </p:panel>

</html>


